Registry cards (#999)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/registry/registry_cards.md

* **References**: Citations or references to relevant research papers, datasets, or external resources.

If your collections training data, you might want to include:
* **Training data**: Describe the training data used
* **Processing**: Processing done on the training data set.
* **Data storage**: Where is that data stored and how to access it.

If your collection contains a machine learning model, you might want to include:
* **Architecture**: Information about the model architecture, layers, and any specific design choices.
* **Task**: The specific type of task or problem that the machine that the collection model is designed to perform. It's a categorization of the model's intended capability.
* **Deserialize the model**: Provide information on how someone on your team can load the model into memory.
* **Task**: The specific type of task or problem that the machine learning model is designed to perform. It's a categorization of the model's intended capability.
* **Deployment**: Details on how and where the model is deployed and guidance on how the model is integrated into other enterprise systems, such as a workflow orchestration platforms.

> ## Add a description to a collection

Reviewer: this can also be done programmatically so we should add this as well

---
menu:
  default:
    identifier: registry_cards
    parent: registry

> title: Document collections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Annotate collections
```
Maybe this isn't quite the right edit, but there is some noun/verb ambiguity with "Document" here.

weight: 9
---

Add human-friendly text to your collections to help users understand the purpose of the collection and the artifacts it contains. 

Depending on the collection, you might want to include information about the training data, model architecture, task, license, references, and deployment. The proceeding lists some topics worth documenting in a collection:

> In general, a collection description should include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
W&B recommends including at minimum these details:
```

Author: Isn't "we" a sin in tech docs...?  Maybe "W&B recommends..." instead?

Reviewer 2: Sure, I edited my edit. (I think you can also edit a reviewer's edit)

* **Summary**: The purpose of the collection. The machine learning framework used for the machine learning experiment.

> * **License**: The legal terms and permissions associated with the use of the machine learning model. It helps model users understand the legal framework under which they can utilize the model.

Reviewer 2: Maybe give an example of a license?

* **References**: Citations or references to relevant research papers, datasets, or external resources.

> If your collection contains training data, you might want to include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your collection contains training data, consider including these additional details:
```

* **Training data**: Describe the training data used
* **Processing**: Processing done on the training data set.
* **Data storage**: Where is that data stored and how to access it.

> If your collection contains a machine learning model, you might want to include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a machine learning model, consider including these additional details:
```

* **Architecture**: Information about the model architecture, layers, and any specific design choices.
* **Task**: The specific type of task or problem that the machine that the collection model is designed to perform. It's a categorization of the model's intended capability.
* **Deserialize the model**: Provide information on how someone on your team can load the model into memory.
* **Task**: The specific type of task or problem that the machine learning model is designed to perform. It's a categorization of the model's intended capability.
* **Deployment**: Details on how and where the model is deployed and guidance on how the model is integrated into other enterprise systems, such as a workflow orchestration platforms.

## Add a description to a collection

> Programmatically or interavtively add a description to a collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Programmatically or interactively add a description to a collection.
```
I think it would be better to split this into two headings rather than two tabs.

Author: When do you normally use tabs? I use them for explaining a procedure that achieves the same thing but can be done in multiple ways

## Add a description to a collection

> Interactively or programmatically add a description to a collection with the W&B Registry UI or Python SDK, respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Interactively or programmatically add a description to a collection with the W&B Registry UI or Python SDK.
```
